br: update version (#3623) (#3626)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-use-cases.md

### Deployment method

> It is recommended that you deploy the TiDB cluster using [TiUP](/tiup/tiup-cluster.md) and get BR by downloading [TiDB Toolkit](/download-ecosystem-tools.md#br-backup-and-restore).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you deploy the TiDB cluster using [TiDB Ansible](/online-deployment-using-ansible.md) and get BR by downloading [TiDB Toolkit](/download-ecosystem-tools.md#br-backup-and-restore).
```
